1 Nephi:3:7:And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
2 Nephi:2:25:Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
2 Nephi:25:26:And we talk of Christ, we rejoice in Christ, we prophesy of Christ, we speak boldly of Christ, and we know that the words which we say unto you are the words of Christ, and we also know that the words of Christ will prove us, for he shall judge us at the last day according to our words.
2 Nephi:32:3:Angels speak by the power of the Holy Ghost; therefore, they speak the words of Christ. Wherefore, I said unto you: Rejoice in the words of Christ; for behold, the words of Christ, which are the words of God, will tell you all things what ye should do.
Mosiah:2:17:And behold, I say unto you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are in the service of your God.
Alma:32:21:And now, as touching the word faith: We believe that we have faith in Christ if we have a hope in the Lord, for we believe that we are laid hold upon by the power of Christ.
Alma:41:10:Behold, I say unto you that evil never was happiness.
Ether:12:27:And if men come unto me I show them their weakness. I give unto men weakness that they may be humble; and my grace is sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me; for if they humble themselves before me and have faith in me, then I, the Lord, will make the things of which they desire to have knowledge known unto them.
Doctrine and Covenants:1:38:What I the Lord have said, that I have said, and I do not retract; and though the heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but all shall be fulfilled, whether by mine own voice or by the voice of my servants, it is the same.
Doctrine and Covenants:8:2-3:Yea, behold, I will speak unto your mind and heart by the Holy Ghost which shall come upon you and dwell in your heart. Now, behold, this is the Spirit of revelation...
Moses:1:39:For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.
James:1:5-6:But if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering, for he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.